CAMPUS MADNESS - STUDENT STRIKE FORCE

Simon Jacques 
David Tsatsoulis 
Steven Dien 
Howard Zhang 
Sara Shen 

Standalone Available in Builds folder. Simply run and enjoy!
NOTE: Standalone designed to run optimally at 1280 x 720 resolution and "good quality" (not "fantastic quality").


INTRODUCTION
And Alien Invasion threatens your school! Choose one of 3 heroes and defeat waves of enemies in order to fend off the attackers! 
Campus Madness: Student Strike Force is a 2.5D beat ‘em up roguelike brawler that takes place in a University setting. 
Along the way, players will face epic fights, increase their strength from hidden items, collect keys to access secrets,  
while simultaneously trying to survive the assault on Concord University.

It is the year 2017. Newly elected President Ronald Drump was using Twitter at 3:00 AM (as he is known to do) and accidentally fired a nuclear missile, destroying Earth’s moon. 
This enraged an alien race, who unbeknownst to us, used our moon as their vacation getaway of choice. In retaliation, they launched an invasion, 
targeting Earth’s most prestigious institution, Concord University. As the best and bravest students in the school, you must fend off the alien invasion! 
Collect items along the way to increase your strength, and save your school quickly before exams start!

CONTROLS
W, A, S, D keys for movement
J for basic attack
K for defensive attack
L for special attack
SPACE for jump
ESC for pause

CHARACTERS

Melee Brawler -
A lifelong fan of professional wrestling, the brawler’s natural strength and powerful beard make him a fearsome competitor. 
Years of binge drinking have numbed his nerves, allowing him to take incredible amounts of punishment. 
His powerful fists and fearsome tornado kicks send enemies flying, and if he is able to concentrate, he can absorb enemy attacks without taking any damage at all! 
Rumours say that he doesn’t even go to this school, and nobody’s sure exactly why he doesn’t wear a shirt, but regardless, 
he seems motivated to fend off the alien threat and protect his favourite on-campus bar, Peggie’s.
Brawler Attacks -
Fire Punch: Hold attack button to punch, knocks enemies back
Block: Generates force field, cannot move or attack
Tornado kick: Knocks back all enemies near player and deals massive damage

Hybrid Samurai -
Nobody knows much about the Samurai because he’s pretty quiet and keeps to himself… 
So it was quite the surprise to find out that the quiet skinny guy who oddly wears a farmer’s hat to school has actually been studying martial arts since he was a child. 
His incredible focus means he’s not just on the Dean’s List, but he can determine the weak points of all his enemies, causing critical damage. 
His years of training earned him 2 powerful weapons: his katana, Bushikatagi, given to him by his mentor shortly before he passed away, and his kunai ninja stars, 
which he… actually, those he just bought on Kijiji. He may be slim, but he is fast, and he can use his Chi and smoke bombs to escape from danger. 
The invasion has disturbed his meditation, and he is determined to defeat his foes to re-balance his inner peace (and GPA).
Samurai Attacks -
Kunai Strife: Hold attack to throw 3 weak kunais in succession
Smoke Blink: Blink backward in an explosion of smoke
Blink Strike: Blink forward while slashing and dealing damage to enemies around the samurai


Ranged Marksman -
Her love for the Hunger Games movies is matched only by the love she has for her long blonde hair. 
She has been honing her archery skills to be more like her movie hero, and as it turns out, she’s actually pretty good. 
Her razor sharp focus and precision means she rarely misses her target. She also carries around a bunch of bear traps that freeze her enemies in place, 
which she uses to fend off the guys at Concord University’s Computer Science department. When the stars align, she can fire so many arrows that they rain down upon her enemies 
like a meteor shower. The recent alien invasion means everyone is too distracted to admire her long blonde hair, and this is something she will not tolerate.
Ranged Marksman Attacks -
Arrow Shot: Fires a powerful arrow at enemies
Slow Trap: Place a trap that slows all enemies hit. Lasts 5 seconds
Rain of Arrows: Call down multiple arrows from the sky, dealing damage to all enemies hit


